But there was a fork of days
volcanoes and this
and
behind
that
red friends in one of the past videos i
asked you if you want me to tell you
showed how lace ears are made
your many comments and
likes, I realized that you want this ears
any lookbook decorations lately
any model they have often i watch
the same ears for fashion bloggers and
I think they look very beautiful and
incredibly sexy in fact these
ears are quite expensive and I tell you
I suggest they do well I do not know at four
times cheaper and simpler easier to say
do it yourself
so let's go for ears we need
black velvet skein wire
pliers black lace 2 rim pei
and scissors we take the old bezel without
pebbles velvet cut into thin
stripes that length cut off
pliers bend a piece of wire
her in half
take a velvet ribbon a little glue
printed on the tip of velvet fasten on
end of the wire and start winding
until we get to the end
also fix with glue
we cut off a piece of lace we cut it
under the size of our cat's ear and
glue but try
leave a place for tails so that later
it was possible to fix them on the bezel
Now in this way
do the same principle and ears
bunny
and
after the ears are done do
lace veil cut off a piece of lace
and the tips are fastened with glue, trim the edges
to make a sexy oval
barking can be lowered on the eyes or wear
move the ears and the veil back for more
playful photo shoot
that's all perfect image for photoset
ready
that's so easy and simple we made you
big ears and as you can see it is very
simple and very cheap well that's all
thank you for watching my video after
find photos in my personal vkontakte I
I want to see how these ears turned out
you stay on subscribe and up
see you soon
wish in the village
iphone check it out
on
choi
but